README.md, before:

## Twilight Remote Desktop

This project aims to build a open source remote desktop suitable for any uses including gaming.

It was [previously written in C++](https://github.com/jsonmona/twilight-cpp), but was rewritten in Rust to improve safety and fix threading-related bugs.

This project is currently in pre-alpha, so no prebuilt binaries are provided.


## Note

I'm busy serving the mandatory military service in South Korea, please expect delayed response times up to 6 weeks.

That also means I don't really have any time to work on this project. :(


## License

Copyright (c) 2023. Yeomin Yoon. All rights reserved.

This project has no license attached yet.
That effectively makes the project somewhat like a closed-source one.
Of course, I plan to open source it.
I just need some time to research which license to apply.

I'm considering either GPLv3 or AGPLv3, with some additional clause to allow using vendor proprietary API like NVENC.
As far as I understand, their API is incompatible with GPL style license, so they need some additional clause.
I may be wrong, and that's why I hesitate to attach some license.

Commit message:

Attach GPLv3 license
Signed-off-by: jsonmona <jsonmona@outlook.com>

README.md, after:

## Twilight Remote Desktop

This project aims to build a open source remote desktop suitable for any uses including gaming.

It was [previously written in C++](https://github.com/jsonmona/twilight-cpp), but was rewritten in Rust to improve safety and fix threading-related bugs.

This project is currently in pre-alpha, so no prebuilt binaries are provided.


## Note

I'm busy serving the mandatory military service in South Korea, please expect delayed response times up to 6 weeks.

That also means I don't really have any time to work on this project. :(


## License

This project is licensed under GPLv3 or (at your option) any later version of GPL released by Free Software Foundation.

A copy of GPLv3 license is available at file `LICENSE.txt`.
You may visit https://www.gnu.org/licenses/ to find license text of GPLv3 or any later versions.

As far as I understand, This project might need some additional clause to allow using vendor proprietary API like NVENC.
The reason being that their API (or header file?) is incompatible with GPL style license, so they need some additional clause.
If this turns out to be true, the project might undergo a re-licensing process.
I'm not sure yet and has attached vanilla GPLv3 license for now.

SPDX-License-Idenfitifer: GPL-3.0-or-later
